[roadmap] rework performance item (#1)
gares/ceps: text/rocq-roadmap.md

This roadmap outlines our vision for Rocq's future, focusing on four key pillars:

+ **Open and Accessible**: The Rocq Prover provides user-friendly installation, comprehensive educational resources, and a thriving community to ensure everyone can benefit from its power.
+ **Trustworthy**: The Rocq Prover prioritizes self-verification, ensuring the highest level of trust in your formal proofs.

> + **Performance**: We are committed to optimize the system on our flagship projects both in the industry and academia.

Author: ```suggestion
+ **Performance**: We are committed to optimizing the system for our flagship projects in both industry and academia.
```
